Fix some more names in the doc (#4)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: commands/role.md

ROLE
```

> **A note about the word slave used in this man page**: If not for backward compatibility, the Valkey project no longer uses the word slave. Unfortunately in this command the word slave is part of the protocol, so we'll be able to remove such occurrences only when this API will be naturally deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A note about the word slave used in this man page**: If not for Redis compatibility, Valkey does not use the word slave. Unfortunately in this command the word slave is part of the protocol, so we'll be able to remove such occurrences only when this API will be naturally deprecated.
```

> **A note about the word slave used in this man page**: Starting with Valkey 5, if not for backward compatibility, the Valkey project no longer uses the word slave. Unfortunately in this command the word slave is part of the protocol, so we'll be able to remove such occurrences only when this API will be naturally deprecated.

Reviewer 2: fixme
